Moto G
The Moto X was the first to set on a crusade to prove that high-end smartphones go beyond the number of cores and pixels. Now we have the Moto G on a mission to let everyone know that affordability doesn't necessarily imply crippled functionality. The Moto X was unusual enough to be reasonably successful despite its hefty price tag. The Moto G, on the other hand, is priced to move quickly and will be keeping the competition on their toes.

Not that it will get complacent because of it, like most of the smartphones priced at around the same level do. The Motorola Moto G will bend over backwards to serve you properly and its list of features stretches far longer than most in this price range.




MOTO E
Motorola has done it again. The Moto G made quite the stir in the midrange and the story continues. The next one's up - and this time it's even cheaper. With a 4.3" display of qHD resolution, a dual-core processor, 5MP camera, and a solid 1,980mAh battery, the Motorola Moto E may as well be the ultimate budget phone. One that will probably sell by itself with a €100 price tag.

Back with the Moto G, Motorola managed to disrupt the market for quite a while, making otherwise solid competitors look overpriced and underequipped. Built to a budget but delivering above, the Moto G was one of the unlikely heroes of last season - and continues to exploit the winning formula with new versions adding extra stuff like memory expansion and LTE.
The Moto E launches straight on Android 4.4 KitKat, which is optimized to run on even modest hardware. A phone of the Moto E's caliber is probably what Google had in mind when designing the KitKat update and little wonder, the Moto E is one of the first entry level phones to take advantage. Even though Motorola is soon to be ex-Google's.

MOTO X
As the first smartphone developed entirely after Google's purchase of Motorola, the Moto X arrives under the spotlight carrying great expectations. The smartphone is Motorola's first multi-carrier, high-profile launch in the United States since the days when the RAZR was still a flip phone. More recently, the company's devices have mostly been Verizon exclusives in North America, but we are glad that's not the case with its latest flagship.
With the Moto X, Motorola has taken a rather unorthodox approach towards designing a top-shelf Android smartphone. Instead of focusing solely on putting together the most powerful hardware available on the market, Motorola's engineers have put more emphasis on ergonomics and software goodies. To top things off, the Motorola Moto X will be built in the United States with an unprecedented set of appearance customization options

apple_iphone_5s
As usual with Apple - we need to give it that - a certain set of users just can't wait to get the next big thing. Others, though, won't just get rid of the iPhone 5 unless the newcomer is convincing enough. An iPhone may fail to meet the (usually over-inflated) expectations but it has never been a product to be displeased with.

The new OS version may be a decider as well, if more people share our experience and feel the slowdown on an iPhone 5 running iOS 7, but the rest of the new stuff may as well be just enough to tip the scales in favor of the iPhone 5s.

HP Laptop
Its really a great laptop with amazing performance. I use it for extensive coding and designing work using advanced softwares and it performs really well. 

Dont listen to people who say that AMD processors are bad. Really they are people who are not updated after 2004. AMD have done great job in their A8 and A10 Processors. You can purchase these laptops blindly as they are cheap, and have good performance. Moreover they are offered by HP.


Asus Zenfone 4
Asus is an ace company when it comes to hardware and they have reigned at the top for quite some time. Unmatched quality of Asus can be determined solely by the fact that the Nexus 7 tablets are manufactured by ASUS.

And this phone seems to have it all.

A dual sim which is a standard for all phones now, with dual camera (5MP and 0.3MP).
Thats something the Moto E does not have. Moreover, it has Intel Inside.

The Intel Atom is a powerful dual core processor, and I'd rate it above snapdragon anyday. Apart from that, the phone comes ready with a Kit Kat upgrade.